	0
0	"I've been here several times and have never found ""my dish"" that I always come back for (until this night).  I come back for the ambiance and to keep trying to find that one dish that makes me crave coming back.  Saturday we brought some out of town friends here for dinner.  Looking for somewhere they haven't been before we thought this was the place that wouldn't disappoint.  

We were greeted by the hostess as soon as we walked in.  There were people waiting but we were seated right away.  The waiter came to take our drink order.  He was very friendly and offered up some recommendations.  He brought out the complimentary chips and salsa.  There was two types salsa - one smokey (not good) and the other was a tomato based salsa and was very tasty.  It also came with a warm bean dip which because a favorite of the table.  The chips were an ""eh"".  Nothing special and not even sure if they were freshly made but with the salsa/bean dip you didn't really notice.  We did order some of the freshly made guacamole.  It was pretty bland and was in need of salt, but I would rather put my own salt on guacamole anyway.

The BF and I both ordered the street tacos.  The waiter said they were what he usually ordered and so we thought we were good to go.  I ordered ground beef, chicken and carne asada on flour tortillas.  They were so good and I think I found my craving for this place.  It really was so much food though.  I only ate two and picked at the 3rd one.  It came with rice and beans and I only had a couple bites of rice.  I do love the rice here...its a no nonsense rice-tomato sauce and diced onion is my guess.  The BF and I also split a Mexican style corn on the cob (they cut it in half) that came topped with a white creamy cheese sauce and seasonings on top.  The corn itself had little cornels so it was just blah to me.  I might have to try this corn again because I'm not quite sure how I felt about it.  It was much different than I've had before.

The middle of our meal the owner stopped by our table to make sure everything was going good. I think he has done that every time we have been here.  I always appreciate an owner or even the manager that can take time to acknowledge their customers.  A simple effort but not many do it.

As our dinner started to wind down the karaoke crew started funneling in.  I had forgotten that they do karaoke on the weekends.  So we extended our drinks and our stay to watch some people strut their stuff.  I believe the starting time was 9pm.  Pretty smart to bring in a new crowd just as the dinner crowd is thinning out.  I hope it brings in some added business for them.  Really fun to kick back, catch up with friends with some good live music in the back ground.  

Overall, the service is very personable and caring, the food is a delight, the ambiance is cozy and after 9pm on the weekends live karaoke lovin.  Score!"
