	0
0	"It's a hidden gem inside The Cosmo! 

No one is quite sure if the Cosmopolitan's Secret Pizza joint was planned, or one of the mega-resort's designers had a coke-binge one weekend & added a secret corridor with no signs for one of the best pizzas in Las Vegas. Located between a glass elevator and the sushi joint, you can see guys who probably were just shipped in from Brooklyn, throw pizza in the air like a pro. The pizza just isn't fun to watch being made, but it is amazingly tasty, crispy and perfect to hold slightly bent and folded like a boy from Brooklyn.  

Secret Pizza is a New York-style pizza place with a casual feel. There's no signage in the front and it's not easy to spot if you were walking by. Hidden on the third floor of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, you won't know this little eatery is there unless you follow the record-lined hallway. After passing album covers from Frank Sinatra, Elvis and other music notables on the wall, you're spilled into a tiny, standing room only place. 

At the walk-up counter, fresh pizza like pepperoni, cheese and veggie is offered by the slice. If you want a whole pizza to take to your room, it usually takes about 15 minutes. But don't worry, the brightly-colored pinball machine is always a fun way to pass the time if you're waiting.
There is a high-top counter to stand at while eating a slice and a few mismatched stools. In addition to soft drinks, a few select beers are available. For seasonings, Secret Pizza keeps it simple: Parmesan cheese, cherry pepper and oregano in old-fashioned spice shakers.

Even though I've always heard about this New York-style pizza joint that specializes in a ""secret slice"" of mouth-watering, delectable, and often satisfying pies of cheesy & sauce-y goodness - I finally got a chance to visit & try their so-called ""secret pizza"". Glad I did! It was aiight, but I definitely had better - although, during that situation, it was a heavenly slice! Haha. On the other hand, this unnamed, discreet establishment - hidden down an unmarked corridor, just seems to fly under the radar of the Cosmos's many award-winning restaurants & dining options.
The cheap & delicious slices are gaining a strong following, most especially during the wee hours of the night into early dawn! They're pretty much open throughout the day - opening at 11 a.m., until to about 4 - 5 a.m. in the morning!

Pro-tip: If the line gets too long in the standing-room-only space, you can always pass the time by trying to beat the high score on the old-school Galaga machine tucked in a cramped corner.

Who you will meet: Drunk tourists who thought hallway led to bathroom and hot clubbers pigging on pizza.

Highly recommended! This pizza is even amazing if you get out of the club YOU KNOW WHAT! (i.e. tipsy, drunk, the feeling that you just threw up & need some recovery food, LOL) - don't say I didn't tell you!"
