	0
0	"Secret Pizza is one of those establishments that really needs no introduction. At first glance, it is quiet, discrete, and no frills. Yet when you dig deeper and get to know its personality you find something so much more. I am a firm believer that every establishment has room for improvement. However, when I think about it long and hard Secret Pizza really epitomizes all I would want or come to expect of a pizza establishment. I almost dare say that it was the best pizza I have ever had. 

Nestled in the Cosmopolitan, you would think it would be flashy and glitzy. Rather, it defies that convention and it sits in a nondescript hallway that you would easily bypass. Not that I am saying you should go down every service hallway at the Cosmopolitan, I'm just saying taking the Star Trek like elevator to the third floor above the Chandelier Bar and walk down the nondescript hallway till you find Secret Pizza. Note, the hallway has photos on it to give you some direction.

Once there, you will be greeted by the beautiful smell of pizza. While slices are available in the showcase, full pizza's are available as well. I'd probably call ahead if that is the case just to avoid having to wait. Since we didn't know any better, we settled on a simple pepperoni pizza. However as we waited to order, the guy working the counter clearly could tell we wanted a white pizza as well and mentioned that we could have a half pepperoni/half white pizza and it came out to be one of the best decisions we made in Vegas. The pepperoni was really good, but the white pizza was much better. Both offered really great flavors that melded in a perfect harmony that would make angels sing. The pepperoni has just the right amount of salt and spice to counteract the fat and sweetness of the mozzarella. While at the same time the white pizza was an amazingly good blend of ricotta and mozzarella cheese. Both on a thin crust that was easy to work with, yet not being very greasy at all. 

Service was good with the staff clearly not only knowing their menu but also clearly having skill when it comes to making their pies. They keep the line moving at a carefully timed rate as if it were a well-made machine.

Definitely a great place to grab a bite, while they may not have seating grab a glass of wine or beer with the pie and head on out to the main areas. It is definitely one bite you do not want to miss."
