	0
0	"I went on a Saturday afternoon. I usually get food for my co-workers and we've been curious to try this place out because it was a diamond in the otherwise rough Indian School Rd. area. I got to the drive-thru at 2:30, thinking that it would be quicker than going in.  I had to be at work at 3, so no problem. Boy, was I so wrong.

As I arrived at the speaker-box, the employee immediately told me to hang on a moment as he was busy with the current customer at the window. No problem: new store, new employees, new things to learn, I understand. 

Then ... silence. 5 minutes later, still no response. Cars were starting to pile up behind me so I finally asked if I could order and this is the reply, 'Oh ... yeah, I forgot you were there.'  Cool brah, my self-esteem thanks you. 

I ordered a dulche de leche shake, the short rib and chicken tacos, and the burger with fries. When I rolled up to the window, the younger man working the register tells me to wait, again, as the card machine wasn't working and my food would take a little bit. Understatement of the year.

It's 2:55 now and I'm wondering if they're plucking the chicken feathers and scraping the meat off of bones back there because that's the only excuse for having to wait so long. When they finally work things out and hand me my food,  I end up late to work, hastily give out the food to my co-workers, and sneakily eat my own burger behind the counter. 

Basically: I don't see the difference in buying a burger from here or 5 Guys even though they say it's made with different ingredients. Both are the same high prices (when you take toppings into account), same patty size, don't come with fries, and they both have excessive juice/oil dripping down my hand. Fries taste exactly like the salt and pepper Boulder Canyon chips except they went a little heavy with the black pepper, and when I asked my co-workers if they enjoyed the tacos, they told me next time to save my money and go to Tacos Sahuayo nearby for something tastier and cheaper. 

The only thing i can compliment them on is the dulche de leche shake, but anything else is just alright, nothing special. I hate it when everyone else has a good experience and I'm the odd one out :["
