	0
0	"Overall experience, sub-par food at a premium price.

We were really excited to try Jasmine Tokyo.  The other reviews (tons of reviews from Elites as well) really sold us on this place.  The pictures of beautiful sushi, hot dishes, fresh raw oysters, and the made-to-order Udon/Soba soups are really impressive.  As we discovered, looks can be deceiving.

As other reviews have mentioned, Jasmine's atmosphere is quite odd.  You'll feel like you are in a steakhouse, which isn't far from the truth because they have a carving station with over-cooked prime rib, sausage, and ribs.  You'll soon forget about the decor, once you pass the beautiful spread of sushi and an extensive buffet.

On to the food: Everything is cold, stale, and tasteless.  Cold sushi and salad bar items are good.  However, cold food that is supposed to be warm is off-putting.  The only warm food is the stuff served at the carving station, which was actually overcooked from sitting in a sunlamp for, what tasted like, weeks.  We tried most of the items on the ""warm bar"" and didn't like anything.  In fact, I've never spit out so much food at any buffet.  Next, we both tried the Udon/Soba soups; the soups ended up being half eaten, with the two of us trying a quarter of each.

Vegetarians might enjoy their experience at Jasmine Tokyo more than we did, because half the bar seemed to cater to cold vegetable/fruit options.  However, the intentionally cold carnivore items were just as bad as their ""warm"" counterparts.  The sushi, despite being beautiful, was horribly stale.  It tasted like it'd been sitting out since the night before.  I'm a huge fan of raw oysters, but couldn't bring myself to try them here.  They had a horrible smell with a white liquid that had congealed to the side of the mollusk.

The only good thing that we can compliment Jasmine on is their employees.  Our waitress was extremely friendly, checked on us often, and bused our half full dishes away without complaint.

Our guess is that a lot of the reviews are from patrons that ate during a busy time.  We visited at 4:30pm with very few people in the restaurant.  Maybe, if the place is busy, the food might get replaced quickly resulting in fresher, warmer (if applicable), and taster items.  However, considering the experience we had, plus the final cost of the meal (Even after the 10% Yelp discount, the buffet was twice what we'd normally expect), we would have a very hard time giving it a second chance."
