	0
0	"i'll admit, i am the LAST person out of my group of friends that wants to eat at da vang. why, you ask? this place was SHUT DOWN for health violations this past year for a while. that's all i need to say.  From filthy floors, nasty things stuck in/around/on the tables, to food stuck to plates/cups/chopsticks.... now, i don't mind eating at dirty little hole-in-the-wall places when i'm in third world countries, but not in the freakin' U.S., when i know i can get the same or better food at the same prices at a much cleaner place with much better service. but, that was before....

I hesitantly revisited yesterday, to give them a ""second chance"" since they've re-opened since being closed. their prices are still low, service still suuuucks, but it is thankfully a bit cleaner. since it was too hot for pho, i decided to try the vermicelli noodles with bbq pork and egg roll - all layered on a bed of bean sprouts, lettuce, mint and basil leaves ($4.75). you pour the fish sauce allllllllll over and eat. It was meh, good-ish, although nothing that makes da vang's better than any other. in fact, i thought the portion was on the skimpy side, but meh. the spring rolls were large, although a bit chewy ($2).

My bf ordered the bbq beef on rice ($6.75), and they FORGOT his food. granted, we were in a huge party of 12, but when we tried to remedy it, the waiter had to go through his orders, and then he said, ""oh yes, # blah blah blah, bbq pork. yes, it's still coming."" although it was apparently NOT being cooked at that minute, since several in our party had already finished their meals. meh. so not only was it forgotten, it was also all bone and fat. being one of the more ""expensive"" items on the menu, you expect it to be much better quality.

so. i guess it's ok, since it's cheap. it's a hassle to get to because of construction, and the food isn't amazing enough to warrant that. i think i'd only consider take-out if i was in the area and craving vietnamese food. i just hate eating IN the restaurant here. definitely NOT my favorite vietnamese place (yes, even in phoenix) by a mile."
