	0
0	"So we had my son's birthday party there and have taken him to 3-4 other parties there over the past 2 years.

Service:  Mostly high school kids with poor training and mostly marginal interest in customer service.  Can't say I've ever been impressed.  You'll run into a nice kid here and there, but most show little interest in customer satisfaction and it shows.

Attractions:  Laser tag is by far the best feature here unless you're a bowler.  The laser maze is also fun but the throughput of kids is just way too slow for a group of any size to enjoy it much.  The arcade has some decent games but expect that the kids will run through about $15-$20/hour (each) on arcade games in there.  Bowling is good and they have kids bowling which is also cool for the little ones that want to try it.  The nerf ball room/maze/fort is also great for having the kids pass the time after they blow their arcade credits.

Food:  Very meh to poor.  Pizza is only one notch above Peter Piper, and they burnt one of ours beyond recognition (now of course we returned it and they replaced it... but I can't believe they actually tried to give it to us in that condition).  Wicked expensive.  Pizza is passable for most kids from 4-11 (they know their demographic), but the parents will really be irritated they can't bring food in.  

Price:  You can escape a function there for a slightly-more-than-reasonable price if you really do your homework and understand what you're really after and dig into their packages and plan things tightly.  If you just expect to go in, buy some passes, hang for a few hours and have everyone leave feeling satisfied, plan on spending A LOT (like $500 for a typical birthday party).  I'm not sure this is substantially different than other similar places, but I'll just say if we're going to drop that kind of coin, I'd be more inclined to fly to LA and go to Six Flags for a day... we can get three there, in a hotel, and through Six Flags for less than that.

Tip:  If yo're willing to plan, strongly recommend the all-access passes... if you plan out properly, don't have too big of a group or break the larger group into a few smaller ones with an adult with each and keep all the kids together, you can squeeze in about $80-$90 (at regular prices) of stuff for about 1/3 of that.  If you don't plan and just let them go nuts, you'll find about 2 of them will get good value, a few will do OK, and the rest will be unhappy because somebody else did laser tag 10 times and they only did it twice.

Net:  If you're in a pinch and can't come up with something better for a birthday or similar function for a kid 4 - 11, it's a fair possibility.  Just expect to either spend a good chunk of time digging into the options and planning or plan on spending ~$50/kid when it's all done.  If you do one of those, the kids will leave feeling good and saying they had a great time... you'll just feel like you left and got kicked in the wallet.  I'm on the fence between 2 and 3 stars, but I just feel like the effort isn't there on the ownership's part to warrant 3.  There are too many things that could be fixed by minimally better supervision and training of the employees.  With the value for the service, 3 would be as high as I'd ever go for this place unless they really improved their food quality and made the average cost/child more reasonable. I just really struggle with the value proposition here."
