	0
0	"I danced between 2 stars and 3 stars with this review.  I'll get to why I only gave it 2 in a minute.

My dad was REALLY excited to try this place out.  Asian buffets are his thing.  I like them too but I prefer upscale ones.  This one is upscale.

If you have read any of my other reviews you'll know I am a buffet junkie.  I love them and I will honor and cherish them as long as they take care of me.

First off, this is the cleanest buffet in Arizona.  Hands down!  It's nice, spread out with seating and incredibly nice decor.  The layout of the food is great.  

With that being said, the dishes are your standard Asain fare with a twist.  You can tell the cooks take pride in the preparation and ingredients.  THE BIGGEST PROBLEM IS EVERYTHING IS COLD ONCE YOU GET IT TO YOUR TABLE.  All the food was incredibly luke warm.  If it was hot, it would have tasted better.  My dad went up to the manager and told them this.... Their response.....  IT'S THE A/C in the building.  That has to be the biggest crock of shit I have ever heard in my entire life.  I've been to plenty of buffets in the Valley and not once was the food cold.  They ran the A/C too. All the dishes were pretty cold, a health inspector would have a field day with this place. 

Now that I got that out of the way... The sushi layout was OUTSTANDING.  The fish was really fresh and they had almost any roll I could imagine.  I would have liked to have tried the crab legs but there were maybe 10 of them sitting in a bath of luke warm water.  It was like that the entire hour I was there.  The oysters were great..  Please keep in mind... I NEVER EAT OYSTERS AT A BUFFET.  It's the one thing I won't trust.  These were cold and fresh and delicious.  If you can eat $20 worth of sushi on one plate, this is the place for you.. You will get your money's worth.

The bottom line is this place is worth trying once.  After that, I don't think you can justify paying $20 for lukewarm food.  Judging by the managers response, this is an issue that will not go away anytime soon.

Also, our server was a real ass.  I am not sure if he just hates his life or was having a bad day, but he was pissed about something.  He slammed my drink down each time I asked for a refill and he was pissed that he had to bus his own tables.  If I did decide to go back here, I would ask for another waiter.  Also this place was dead on a Sunday at 6:30pm.  I don't think this place is going to make it."
