	0
0	"I have not been to this restaurant in over a year. I was somewhat excited to have an late lunch/early dinner of Italian today so I decided to give it another try.  The service was awesome. I was the first to request to dine outside and they quickly accommodated and provided attentive service.  I started with the appetizer of baked stuffed mushrooms that are stuffed with goat cheese, spinach and spicy Italian sausage.($8)  Tasty and I'm told popular, however I was not impressed and would never recommend them. Something about that spicy just didn't click for me though I like spicy food, I just felt it was not a good paring with the smooth mild goat cheese and mushroom.  Still it was the best thing I would eat at this experience. I ordered a Caesar salad ($3) - over priced should be free. A small handful of bitter romaine lettuce and a drizzle of Caesar dressing 3 or 4 croutons with a generous portion of cheese in a small bowl.  So bad it took three croutons to get the fork-full of lettuce down. The server was kind enough to remove it from the bill.  

My entrée was to be Carbonaro ($13). I have had it at other restaurants and loved it. I have made it and served it to a number of people and they loved it. Never have I seen or even heard of a pouched egg served on this dish, as I was assured it must have to be Carbonaro. So I tried it. Noodles are some kind of pasta I never heard of but it's served hard and I mean about 3x harder than el dente' .  Sauce was not creamy and did not coat the noodles or the crisp ham in this case. sauce was tasteless. I tried about 3 bites but once asked I had to admit I didn't care for it. My server admitted it was quite different and agreed to bring me another entrée.   So I went with the Chicken Malino ($12).  Roasted chicken, bow-tie pasta, creamy garlic sauce, mushrooms & sun-dried tomatoes.   Served in a large bowl. A generous portion  about 2 servings actually.  
It was better or as I told the server more palatable.  I ate half of it took the rest to go but feed it to my dog what does she know about good Italian anyway?


Ruby (my dog) says:
""Andiamo! Sono un cane-io non so nemmeno il cibo è italiano!""

Anyway as I thought about the food after trying 2 entrées I came to the this conclusion. The building, the tablecloths, the interior and even the patio are what this restaurant chain sells well.  It makes ones visit memorable.  It's the setting for a nice date or to bring out of town guest to, to socialize of  wines and to break bread together.  It's the backdrop to some nice dining photos as well.  It's moderately priced yet over priced after all it's mostly pasta and lettuce you're getting.  But when it comes to the food, they pretty much threw together ingredients that would sound or appear in print to be appealing.  It's a simple menu that doesn't take much talent or time to prepare.  It's really rather awful food placed in a beautiful setting. How anyone who can cook Italian or has ever been to one of the many little Italy communities in America or Canada can really say they love the food here is beyond my ability to believe or comprehend.  So if you go drink lots of wine and maybe you'll forget that the food is lousy you are buying.  But hopefully the staff will be attentive and keep your glasses full.  And maybe you'll get a few nice photos on your phone.  Oh and none of the food looks like it does in the pictures added to this review site! I knew I should have took pictures of something while there.  My meal plus ice tea ($2.50)  Was $24.51.  NOT a cheap date for my book.  Multiple that by 2 or more and add wine or other drinks and you'll scratch your head and ask yourself  "" For this I paid what?  And I'm hungry in 2 hours!""  
I gotta go I'm sure there's something in my home fridge that will hold me over until my next meal!"
