	0
0	"Tried Da Vang on Saturday night because of all the great reviews and to treat an out of town guest to  Vietnamese cuisine.  I will start with the service.  3 people--3 entrees ordered.  The Pho came out 25 minutes after ordering,  the next dish came 25 minutes after the PHO and the third dish.....well..... we wondered about since it was NOT arriving.  We actually thought they had forgotten about the third dish. Embarrassingly, the third dish was for the out of town guest who wanted to try Vietnamese food.  So to sum it up, the service gets rounded up to  ""zero"" stars.  How can you serve 3 entrees in the course of an hour and 20 minutes to the same table and have each customer eating their food alone while the others watch?  It is called ""dining""  not eating because the act is part of a larger social experience.  If I wanted to ""eat"" I would have bought a gyro and eaten it in my car.  So, definitely a big zero for service.
Now for the food.  The chicken PHO was mediocre at best.  Hubby said that on a scale of 1-10, it was a 4.  He named 6 other vietnamese restaurants who do it better including the PHO place in the Gila River Casino in Chandler.  Really Da Vang?  You allow yourself to be beat out on PHO by a casino food court outfit?  Shame on you. Pho's should be your go-to dish!   Next:
Stir fried noodles with pork & shrimp.  Way below par.  Had to add Siracha sauce, soy sauce, fish sauce to get any taste out of it.  And the pork  appeared to be scraps of pork (not pieces) cut lengthwise and very thin; and by the way Da Vang, thanks for the 3 small (and I mean small) shrimp you added to the dish.  Never, never, never, never, EVER---that's what my stomach is saying about me even thinking about ordering this dish EVER again.  Next:
Sauteed beef with lemongrass over rice.  This was the definite winner of the three with a score of 5 out of ten.  The beef was not trimmed and fat prevailed.  Now, I know that fat is where it's at in terms of flavor but enough is enough.  Again, fish sauce and soy sauce had to be added to make it palatable.  AND FINALLY:
The spring rolls ordered with Tofu instead of shrimp and pork were good and a good value.  Other than that... Not too much to be said for Da Vang.  Between the service and the less than stellar food,  I won't be there any time soon.....  Wait......wait....., wait a minute, I hear something.........  It's my stomach ....saying NO WAY JOSE....   I guess I won't  be going back ever again.  Stomach rules!!!!!!!!"
