	0
0	"If you want two OK tiny burgers and 1 side of fries 1 of coleslaw and 2 sodas for 29 bucks, you've found your place. 

Also, since they have a big glass drink fridge with canned sodas, I'd assumed thats what they serve (fountain machine is out of site), so I ordered two diet cokes for myself and one coke for my guest. After I paid my credit card tab, the guy working there grabbed cups for fountain drinks and I clarified, oh I thought you guys dispensed just cans thats why I ordered two diet cokes.  Guess what, the dude gave me two fountain drinks and didnt say a word about the extra coke I just paid for.... Anyways, whatever, my mistake but have some integrity. 

Next problem, check out the people working there and ask yourself if you want to EAT there. The guys are gross looking, I mean, shorts that are torn, shoes falling apart, and hats that look like they're crusted with a mixture of fry oil and horse shit. 

Onto the food; I got a burger with a double patty the booze burger. I kid you not, each patty was the size of a half dollar. Size of a half dollar but cost about 8 bucks for that burger. Terrible, I'm more of a fan of smash burger or five guys over this place. At least they give you real portions and they're clean. I heard the cole slaw was really good. I got the seasoned fries, they put WAY too much seasoning on them. Caked in seasoning and salt, jeez, could eat about 5. 

It was 1230pm when I ordered my two burgers with seasoned fries and slaw, took 45 minutes to get. Crazy. They weren't THAT busy. Also I asked the dude how long a burger usually takes, just friendly asked, he said oh it takes exactly 3 minutes to cook a burger here so pretty quick sometimes. Well let me ask you this. This is the paradise valley burger company right? Ever think people are going to be buying burgers from you idiots? Well than freaking cook more than one at a time when you've got a line of 6 people.... WOW, I should be the general manager over there, if I could tolerate the filth. 


Not going back, don't recommend you go either."
