	0
0	"I have had sooo many problems at this location, among them: getting my order wrong, not disclosing the new price of the egg bites, which are back but $1.00 more than they were before Starbucks ran out a few months ago. No price update whatsoever on the drive-thru menu, just an announcement that they are back. Well, good for them, but I won't pay nearly $5.00 for two egg bites...they are good, but not that good. This Starbucks refused for quite some time to put a stop sign at the drive-thru exit, even after my car was t-boned by one of their drive-thru customers. The thing that bothers me the most, though, and it is really very unprofessional: the human, verbal exchange of thank you and your welcome is not, imho, to be replaced with the response, ""No problem."" Very, very tacky, whether it is a sign of the times or not...I'm not ready to be responded to with two negative words in place of traditional, professional exchanges. Can you imagine dining at any ""nice"" restaurant and having your waiter answer, ""No problem"" to every concern? Howsabout, ""I am so sorry this happened, please let me make it better.""? Because ""No problem"" brings to my mind the thought that someone on the other side of the counter thinks I need to be reassured that I or my requests are not a problem...well, I hate to break it to ya, but there had better NOT be a problem! Customers shouldn't be approached in that manner, it is two negatives replacing a positive; why do that? There is no good reason! Anyway, back to the egg bites situation: While requesting info about the price increase and deciding whether or not to request a refund, one employee told me that as far as he knew, there had been no price increase...he said maybe it was due to the tax increase. The barista kept claiming that he ""knew nothing"" and then finally walked away when I wouldn't leave the counter; when he did so, I told him that if the price had been increased by $1.00, then I wouldn't be back--he said, ""Okay.""  The guy at the register kept saying, ""No problem, no problem, no problem,"" when I was questioning him about the price and letting him know that I wanted a refund after waiting in line for a second time. I do not recall him apologizing, but he did give me the order for free, which was nice, but not worth all the hassle...seemed as though he just wanted to get me to leave. And I did, for the last time. There are other annoying things I could mention and pick the place apart with a fine-tooth comb, but I think I have said enough. Many millennials are ignorant/uneducated when it comes to behaving in a professional manner with a customer...whether it be Taco Bell, McDonalds, or Starbucks, the amount of money being spent does not equate with how informally the customer can or should be treated. Peace out!"
