	0
0	"The food merits 2 stars and the service was an absolute zero.

Side note: 20 years ago, this was perhaps the busiest restaurant in the Valley and had Brinker's then famous level of training and service.

The place looks about the same with faux Tuscan dinner house look and Italian lessons in the restrooms. Everything else has gone in the crapper.

We were there with a party of 10 to celebrate an anniversary at lunchtime. The place was virtually deserted (at 12:30p on a Sunday) and yet we were seated at the ""wrong"" table and reseated in the very back room.

Our server came huffing and puffing to greet us muttering and flustered that we were here (not sure why customers are seen as an inconvenience in such a slow place). He reluctantly brought water glasses and later brought some of the complimentary bread. Muttering about our being early (not true) instead of drawing of sappy sayings with crayons on the white craft paper that covers the tables. We were afraid to ask for ice from our water: we didn't want him to crack or go postal.

He brought out the house ""wine"", which is ""chianti"" from California. It is only one step up from Pompeii brand red wine vinegar.

Much later, he took our order. Each person was greeted with a terse ""next!"". Don't ask for changes or ask questions, please!

After another great span of time (in which we were left unattended, which in this case was better), the food came out. My Pasta Milano was only warm enough that I could eat it. I would have sent it back at a reasonable place. The ""garlic cream sauce"" was light on the garlic but completely overpowered by rosemary (which was not mentioned on the menu). A brave guest did send back their lukewarm pizza, which brought forth the scorn of the server.

The waiter did warm up when he heard one of the guests speak of real estate (but not addressed to the waiter). He began interjecting his opinion on mortgages and the real estate market. Wow! No interest in serving people, but a veritable talking head when it comes to residential real estate.

Anyhow, we were able to escape eventually, shaking our heads in disbelief."
