	0
0	"My girlfriend and I wanted dessert last night, so we went to Culver's. It was about 9 PM and the restaurant does not close until 11, so we were expecting everything to be pretty much up and running still. I've had nothing but pleasant experiences at other Culver's locations before.

While I was ordering, my cashier was friendly, but did not know how to ring up a coupon. He asked another cashier and she helped him. After he asked for help, he still didn't get it and he asked her again. He still did not know how to ring up a coupon. The first two cashiers then got a supervisor and we eventually got our coupon entered into the register.

Once we eventually got our total, the register did not read my credit card. I then tried another card and it did not read. He offered ringing us up on another register, but I decided I did not want to go through the ordering process again. I eventually paid in cash (not something I normally like to do since I don't like loose change). The cashier was really apologetic, but still, he could have received better training or supervision.

While this was going on, another family who had been there since before I arrived was waiting for their order. I noticed a staff member in the back yell ""order up"" and there was clearly an order ready to be served. The family who was waiting kept telling one of the cashiers that his order was up, but there was a group of about four or five employees nearby (including the supervisor) standing and talking, paying no attention to the family who had by then been there for a long time. It was clear to me that that family was not happy. The restaurant was clearly not understaffed.

Normally, Culver's (and almost any other business) gives out receipts. I was really surprised I did not get one because at this point, I knew I wanted to leave feedback. Once I got my table placard, I got a table and waited patiently for my order to be delivered.

After approximately ten minutes of not getting our order delivered to our table, my girlfriend decided to go to the counter to ask about our order.

They asked if we ordered a strawberry sundae. We did not. When my girlfriend told them what we ordered, the staff member saw our order, but noticed it had been sitting for quite a while. In fact, both of our items had been partially melted. They remade one (I'm not sure why they didn't re-make the other) and we got both sundaes.

On a few positive notes, the custard was pretty good, the urinal screens smelled like they had recently been changed, and there was ample parking.

I have been to Culver's in Phoenix, Tempe, Mesa, Chandler, and Casa Grande, and all of those experiences have been nothing but exceptional. You can look through my profile and see that I rarely write negative reviews.

This Culver's needs some work."
