	0
0	"Three can keep a secret if two of them are dead.

Okay, I would only maim someone over this pizza... not actually kill.

To tell the truth, I wasn't expecting much when I laid eyes on boxes and boxes of this pizza floating down to the first floor of the Cosmopolitan, feeding hungry oafs watching the Super Bore game. Yes, I was one of the oafs trying to stay awake and hoping the game would pick up - shit, I was hoping that Elway (sitting in attendance) would jump in and take over for Manning.

Anyway, the pizza looked a little ""blah"" and the pepperoni/sausage looked a little grey. Although, I now think it was just the lighting in the Chandelier Bar, where we were posted up. 
After the friend and I shared a burrito from the mall across the street, and some very pricey ""street tacos"" from China Poblano (on the 2nd floor) - 3 dinky tacos for $16, I volunteered to go in search of this secret pizza place... why not? All the other oafs seemed to really enjoy this pizza. 

I will give you exact coordinates to find this pizza joint: 36.1100° N, 115.1753° W.... or just take the escalator, near the Chandelier Bar, up to the 3rd floor, make an immediate left off the escalator, stroll a few paces past the other restaurant, and veer to the right down the non-descript hallway which appears to be designated for employees only, or passage to purgatory. Tucked away is a little door to some pretty damn tasty and reasonably priced pizza. It's a tiny little spot, smaller than a Kardashian closet - no sitting area, just a couple of small bar tops where you can stand and scarf down.

They sell pizza by the slice, whole pizza, and some kind of obscenely delicious looking fat/chicago-style pizza (but, you have to get your timing right to get your hands on one of these slices - may even be a special order thing). You can also add more toppings to whatever slice you choose. I nabbed a couple of pepperoni/sausage with bell peppers for myself and friend. Damn, I wished we knew about this spot earlier in the day - would have ordered a whole pizza. It was very, very tasty. Can't believe I wasted good $ on sub-par Chinese/Mexican tacos. 

I highly recommend this spot not only because the price is right, but this pizza is actually worth maiming someone over."
