	0
0	"Originally I was going to give this place two stars, so consider this a 2.5 I guess. I was out showing some new friends around Las Vegas and taking them to the more out of the way places tourist typically do not see. I thought Ellis Island would be the kicker for the night, because all four of the boys (Marines, btw) really wanted to do karaoke.

We arrived there a little after 11 PM and went to the karaoke bar and the place was pretty crowded. It looked like your Ellis Island crowd. I have been to Ellis Island before, just not to the karaoke part. Well we all got in no problem and grabbed some beers at the bar. Okay, they have incredibly cheap drinks. $1.75 for a beer. Crazy cheap. We all ordered a round of their in house light beer. Yes, they do brew their own beer, pretty cool. The boys went and selected their songs and my friend (who is a local) and I hung out to stalk a table.

Eventually a group left and we got a pretty sweet table in the back with a good view of the stage. Everything was going pretty cool - except for the fact the place was stifling hot! I don't know if they're trying to save money by not cranking up the AC, but when there are that many people in an old bar, you better get some AC running!! It did cool down, but being in a hot bar is just gross.

As we waited for the boys' names to be called we had another round and this time tried the Hefeweizen beer. Whoa. It tasted like orange juice, just straight up OJ with a splash of beer. I didn't really like it, neither did anyone else.

Finally the boys names came up and they went to sing. The first one went and then we waited. And then the next boy got called. Well, they were planning on singing a duet song (Brooks & Dunn I think) and the lady running the karaoke wouldn't let them! She said they couldn't because the first guy had just gone up to sing. It was a shame. Plus right after that they let another girl go up who had just been up on the stage about 20 minutes earlier. Just seemed eff'd up to me and we were all kind of pissed about it.

So, we left on a sour note. We didn't feel like waiting around through another 10 singers just for the boys to get another chance to sing.

It was pretty obvious they were letting people who are regulars there go up on the stage multiple times, but first timers not so much. I get it, it's a local place and a local event and that's who they're catering to - but they made ME feel bad because my friends got skunked out of doing karaoke! 

This night just left a bad taste in my mouth (with the bad Hefenweizen and the situation)."
