	0
0	"The husband and I joined about 15 other Yelpers here for the breakfast club UYE. This place graciously accommodated our large party, which was much appreciated. Our waitress was incredible, she was friendly, on top of things, and willing to help me navigate their huge menu. I don't think there are many breakfast items that aren't on their menu... this thing is huge, with pages and pages of items. The waitress had to help me decide between 4 items (ha!). I ended up getting the asparagus skillet (asparagus, bacon, garlic, cheese, quinoa, hash browns, and over medium eggs, about 12$ ish), which (to my surprise) comes with a 'side' of pancakes... and I had to try a specialty pancake (the macadamia nut) which was a 4$ up sell. The husband got the nutella crepes. I will be honest, I wasn't overly thrilled with the food. My 'skillet' came out in a bowl.. a little odd for a skillet, and just didn't have as much flavor as you would think from the ingredients. It wasn't bad by any means, it was good, but kind of boring. Maybe some fresh herbs or something would make it pop more. The side of pancakes was ridiculously large... I ate less than a quarter of them... and they really were nothing special. I have a little bit of a problem with restaurants that serve huge portions like this.... I feel like it's just wasteful.... very few people could possibly eat this amount of food, making so much food go to waste (bigger is not always better people). Why not give size options for the breakfast like 'small' and 'large' plates of the same food... then you can choose what you would like (and I know, you can share the food, but you don't always want the same thing, ya know?). Anyway, on the flip side, the husband's nutella crepes were delicious and even good as leftovers. The coffee was also good here and came with real cream... yes, you heard me... real cream... LOVE that. I would like to come back here and try something else, as many other items looked tasty. Will update the review at that time. 


PS yes this place is loud, but not as loud as I thought it would be.... pretty normal for a restaurant this busy."
