	0
0	"Been wanting to try Sansotei Ramen for awhile now but the news of a line up have made me avoid coming here, especially during lunch time!

We visited Sansotei about 4PM because I wanted to avoid the dinner rush as well, luckily, there was no line up and some spots available when we came! The restaurant itself is very small and quite narrow, which makes me understand why there's constantly a line up.

The menu is super simple - only one page which keeps things super slick and leads to fast ordering.

L got the Tonkotsu Ramen which came with black fungus, egg, green onions and 2 pieces of pork belly aka char siew with thin noodles.

I got the Tonkotsu Black Ramen which also came with black fungus, green onion, an egg and 2 pieces of pork belly, along with thin noodles. The only difference between the two is the garlic oil, which gives the soup a different flavour.

All ramens have the option of thin or thick noodles. I love thin noodles when it comes to ramen, as you might have noticed if you've read my ramen posts from Kinton, Ichiran and Hakata Ramen!

The soup base of the Tonkotsu Ramen is very creamy whereas the Tonkotsu Black Ramen wasn't as creamy along with a slightly different flavour because of the garlic oil. The garlic oil made the soup base slightly bitter but still really pleasant to eat.

As I've seen, when it comes to ramen places, there's always an option to add more ingredients at an extra cost.

After visiting Sansotei, it just seemed mediocre to me. Nothing really 'wow'ed me or stood out much. I did enjoy my meal and the service was really fast. The server attending us had a Japanese accent and was really sweet, which is nice to see that the restaurant is keeping the Japanese authenticity even with their servers. Sansotei Ramen also partnered with Millie Crepe for their desserts! When I went, they had the Sakura Crepe Cake for dessert.

I would still drop by from time to time if I was around the downtown area and craving ramen. Not sure if I would be willing to wait in line though... Guess it depends on how long the line is !"
