	0
0	"There may be a few reasons to patronize Ellis, and there are also a few why not to! 
I'll begin with the positive- their yearly Holiday Nog. It's a limited availability special drink that is a boozy, noggy delight! After missing it for a few years, I returned a few days before Xmas to get me some. 

And on the negative side- My first stop was at the Player's Club to redeem some coupons. There were no employees working there because they were ALL at a staff meeting. OK..........so I went to the cashier where they can get you a card, but still needed my T-shirt & promo play from my coupons. I then went to the bar near the BBQ restaurant for my Nog. This is where it gets bizarre. I ordered a glass of the nog from the (supposed) bartender, who could see that I was going to play. He gave me the nog, then another bartender walked out & I guess told him they can't comp the nog. She said to me, you're good. Well, that's great, since I'd already taken a sip & wasn't giving it up! I recall this same scenario going down years ago at the same bar!!!  They used to comp the nog if playing, I believe. 
I won this round with no loss on video poker & the free nog. 

I was able to redeem my coupons shortly thereafter at the player's club. There was a lot of chatter there about why they all went to the meeting & left the club unmanned. I played my $10 promo play & won that round too- up $20 and a free winter spiced ale (Very tasty!) from the free kiosk game. 

Aside from the must try egg nog, the beer prices (about $2 for a large glass) are probably worth a visit. The cafe also has a steak special for under $10- price can vary if you have a player's card or not, and it comes with a draft beer or root beer. I've had this meal a few times & it's a great deal. The casino was recently remodeled, and I noticed right away. It's brighter & less smoky! They installed a ton of ceiling fans, and the new floor is pretty nice too. 
Here's a great tip- All Village Pubs also serve the holiday nog. So avoid the shiftyness I endured and just go there instead. 

On their Web site, I spotted this- Free Brewery tours- Email Christina at cellis@ellisislandcasino.com. Let me know how that goes."
