	0
0	"Location: Located off Yonge St in Toronto, there is paid Green P parking on nearby residential streets at $2.50/hour (free after 9pm).

Facility: Small with modern decor. Not much to comment on that you can't see in photos. Washrooms are average/typical of an Asian restaurant.

Food Quality & Price: It was good, but not great. I enjoyed the ramen but the portions were TINY. We were still very hungry after our dish ($9 each). I am also petite with a relatively small appetite, so I was very surprised that I was not even satisfied with how much was in my bowl. 

I had the Tonkatshu Dark with Thick noodles and it was satisfactory. The good things about it were that the broth tasted decent and I was impressed that they had black fungus/mushroom in the dish. BUT, I couldn't help but be disappointed overall. The ""thick"" noodles were not all that thick and the egg was cold in the middle. But the worst part was the portions. You want more food, you're going to have to pay more. We ended up NOT doing that and heading to a pub after for more food (see review on W Burger Bar).

Service: Was nice. We were greeted with a smile at the door. Our hostess let us know (without me having to ask) how long the wait was - about 5 minutes on a Saturday night around 7pm. We were seated quickly and served quickly. The food arrived quickly as did the bill... seriously, we were in and out under 30 minutes. Everything was efficient. I can't believe that I have to say this as kind of a negative, as I find efficiency in service crucial, but we DID feel a bit rushed (as more people arrived for dinner service). It definitely felt like an in-and-out factory line. You come, sit, eat, pay, leave. I am assuming this would be perfect for lunch when people have to get back to work.

Overall: Sansotei is a decent place to get ramen. It's definitely NOT the best, but it is not bad. I would say that I was ""satisfied"" overall but would not say I was impressed. For the reputation of being part of the Big 3, I don't think it earns it's stripes. The portion was the biggest problem. Again, we ended up going straight to a bar down the street for more food (we are both under 120lbs each and don't eat a lot, so this was a big concern). Would I return? I would probably end up coming back a few times, but I wouldn't call myself a dedicated or faithful repeat customer."
