	0
0	"Small little place. Noticed many people at tables around us didn't finish their ramen. So its either the portions were to large for them or the noodles weren't that great. As a total fan of Ramen and have ate many, its sad to say I have had way better. A true yummy delicious ramen should have very potent and strong pork bone broth flavor. Also a true yummy broth are boiled so long that some boil them for over 24hrs to get that full bodied flavor and some places, you can almost smell that potent flavor as you walk in the door. 
 
My husband ordered the Tonkotsu and I ordered the Tonkotsu black. Since mine is more flavorful I tasted his first. First impression, boy is it salty and could barely taste the broth. Therefore our take is it reminds us of ajisen ramen. In order to enhance the stronger (bone) broth flavor that it lacks, add more salt or MSG (IF they use any MSG. Don't know the regulations here in Canada. Mines was even more salty but had much more flavor due to the black garlic oil in it. 
I asked the waitress if I could have a cup of hot water. When she returned, she asked me if it was for drinking or for adding into my soup. I was surprised she noticed. Either she is very observant since I did have ice water too and she finds it odd I then asked for hot OR I must not be the first to request for hot water to dilute the saltiness in the soup. The ramen is not too bad but different from the ones im used to eating. I prefer the more yellow and curlier (true ramen) kind. Thats just me though.

Service: So when I told her it was to dilute soup, she offered me a small bowl of just the base tonkotsu broth to add into my soup instead of water. I was so happy! I tasted the broth alone and I tasted the bone broth much more in it and had no salt at all. Love it! Although this way...it was true the bone wasn't boiled as long as it should and to make up for it, needed lots of salt. When I added to my soup it, loved it much more. We both finished our ramen! So if she was being observant, good for her! If I'm not the first to request, then they should take it as a hint. 

To the owner: I loved my soup much more when you gave me the unsalted broth to add to my soup which both my husband and I loved our bowl of soup much more. So a suggestion is maybe you guys can start modifying your menu and give options to customers to have little salt, medium salt or regular. Just a thought."
