	0
0	"So we decided to give this place a try.  We picked a rainy day (what were we thinking?).  So we get there, find pay parking ($4 an hour) and proceeded to stand in line behind a hoard of 8 asians.  You would think that the anticipation would build up as you feel that perhaps what is worth waiting for should be really great and amazing.

So finally, after 10 minutes, a hostess comes to take our names and hands us a micro mini piece of paper.  We were freezing standing in the drizzling rain, but no matter - come hell and high water we were going to get to try these noodles.

So finally, we get seated after freezing for a good 30 minutes.  We ordered hot tea ($2 per person) and we proceed to ask for an explanation on the menu as well as any recommendations.  So the waitress recommends the Miso Ramen.  It is further explained to us that on top of the $9.50 that we are paying, it is an extra $0.50 for either fungus, bamboo shoots - the bean sprouts and corn were included for the Miso BUT not for the Ramen - the ramen includes fungus but nothing else. We had to ask her to go over the options once more while we repeated after her each time to double confirm that we understood correctly.  How complex could ordering a bowl of noodles be?? 

We ordered gyozas as apetizers - 4 or 5 of them came on a plate for $6 (?).  They were ok...nothing to write home about.

After a short wait, our ramen Miso bowls finally make their appearance.  The eggs were cooked to perfection - medium but still soft with some liquid....the broth however was lukewarm.  The ramen tasted ok, the corn was very fresh (the best part of the meal), the fatty pork belly was tasty, and the extra bamboo shoots were sparse and overcooked.  The broth itself tasted rich but lukewarm and without much flavor.  Is it too much to ask for hot piping broth....?!  

While we were eating, we overheard the guy next to us state with authority that he always orders the Shio Ramen wherever he goes ....its apparently the way you can tell whether a place is good or not...I had no clue, I'm just an amateur, all i know is whether it tastes good, looks good, smells good, and if it leaves me satisfied/satiated, hungry, disappointed, or turned off.  The best Ramen I've ever had was for lunch in Hong Kong....it was a japanese place that my friend took me to.  Sansotei does not even come close in terms of flavor, quality, and portion size.

Overall, the experience was good. The ambiance was cozy and traditional/modern decor. Service was good.  They didn't try to cram people next to us so there was some space between us and the next set of guests. They took credit card.  The food however I felt was ok....NOT amazing as you would hope for...the broth could have been hotter and tastier...it borderlined bland, the best part was the egg and corn but they were skimpy on the other ingredients, plus there were little vegetables. As for the tea, not sure they need to charge an extra $2 when the noodles are already at a premium price. I was still somewhat hungry afterwards through i had already eaten at 4pm and then this meal at 7pm."
