	0
0	"The casino review is below..... 

Review for the restaurant - 
$7.99: 10-ounce steak. Includes salad or soup, potato, bread, green beans and a beer 

Our server was MIA most of the time. Took well over 40 minutes for our dinner to come out. Some of the tables that were seated well after us were either eating, or getting their checks before we saw our dinner. 

Steak - Both of us ordered Medium Rare. J's was almost blue. Seared but still very pink in the center. But it was warm to the touch, so he decided to not send it back. Now this I cant understand. You almost under-cook a steak, but its still tough!? How do you accomplish that feat?! My steak on the other hand was more on the well done side than medium rare. Terrible. I took maybe 2 bites. I'm sure boot leather would have tasted better. J ate maybe 1/4 of his steak. He's a huge steak fan, so that's gotta show you that something is wrong. 

Salad (mine) - You can't really screw up a salad. 
Soup (J's) - He said it was ""alright"". 

Baked Potato - This was the best part of the whole meal. 

Green Beans - This was a tie for the best part of the meal. Lots of garlic, which J and I love. 

Bread - Love sourdough, but this was almost inedible. 

Beer - J ordered an Amber. Since I do not drink, I asked if I could have a diet soda. No Dice. So I ordered a beer and gave it to J. And just stuck with water. 

He said just for the beer's alone, it was almost worth $7.99 a piece. If we could have had a Mr. Lucky's steak with Ellis Island's Baked Potato and Green Beans, we would have been happy campers. 

Will we return to Ellis Island for eats? Maybe, but probably not to the restaurant. We might try the BBQ or Pizza joint next time. 

Now for the casino review - 

Very friendly and helpful dealers. I mentioned to J that if he wanted to learn to play craps, now was his chance. When there were other players, there were maybe 1-2 tops. The craps dealers were all very helpful on teaching him the ropes. With $80, J played easily for 2 hours. Left being down only $30. Not too shabby!!"
