	0
0	"***Remember to Valet Park or park alongside Lo-Lo's and do not park in the parking area in front of the restaurant because the parking area is for Holiday Inn Express guests only! Or else, you'll get your car towed, and have to pay $125 to rescue it from impound. Okay?! ***

Anywho, I was craving fried chicken, and asked my friend S, if she wanted to lunch with me, we got to Lo-Lo's at around 12:45pm today Sunday 11/23, and were seated within a few minutes. Going back to the parking thing, I kinda chuckled thinking I nabbed the lone open spot in the lot, saw the complimentary valet by the door but the valet guy wasn't paying attention and wasn't told that was not their parking. There are signs mind you on the edge of the lot but nothing says the lot directly in front of the resto is not their parking. I regress, let's get back to the food review. It has been awhile since I've been, and it was S first time, so, we got seated at the common table by the bar area. It's nice to see how successful Lo-Lo's has become, to think they started out in a converted house in Central Phoenix, expanded out to Scottsdale, and open a new location in a free standing restaurant with so much space, a spacious open bar area with a roomy patio area, the overall feel is nice, it's airy, and neat. I like the kitschy bar chairs, and the different booths, and their staff uniforms are visually appealing. I'm also impressed with how large their menu offerings have become, and as S said it, who knew Kool Aid could look so classy served in a Mason Jar! S got the namesake dish, and I got KK's because I was going all out with the cheese and onion egg and the grits. The fried chicken was on point, neither too crispy and still retained moistness and had great flavor. Our server checked on us, and topped off our drinks. Service-wise it was great and our lunch was great. I think the afterwards left a dent in our overall experience of the new location. 

Walking out not seeing your car where you parked it is an unnerving experience in itself because from being in high spirits one moment to thinking your car was stolen the next just takes from my feelings towards Lo-Lo's. Hearing from the valet that my car was towed caught me by surprise, he was not emphatic at all but nonchalantly said it, and he sounded annoyed that I was taken aback, he proceeded to tell me, I could look up the signs for the number (of the tow company), or I could talk to the hotel manager about it since he was the one who towed all the cars (when we parked there had to be at least 10 other cars). As we were walking towards the hotel across the way, there were still people parking unawares, and the valet wasn't saying anything but this time there were others who were telling them to move their car. Long story short, hotel manager told us that they will try to mark the lot to show it's the hotel's. and Lo-Lo's actually has 15 parking spots they can use (which I guess is the valet's), so kudos they have a larger restaurant but fail on their end for having less parking than they used to when they were in the strip mall down the street. Oh, and if you enter through the back way from drinkwater blvd, there's lack of signage telling you which is Lo-Lo's parking but from the front from Earll Street there are signs. I don't know who's fault it is but for a good dining experience avoid this nuisance and headache and just valet with Lo-Lo's it's cheaper than having to pay $100+ more. I might just dine at the original location in Central Phoenix to avoid this again, what was gonna be a four-star review was marred by the parking debacle. Great place for chicken and not to park!"
