	0
0	"This review is for both the casino itself and the cafe!

CAFE.
Slowest service ever! I've been here twice now after night clubbing and each time it took them forever to come out with our drinks at the beginning and to come back at the end to pick up our check. We were literally dying of exhaustion.

Food wise though, the $6.99 deal for NY Steak and Egg is the best deal you can possibly get in Las Vegas! This casino is literally behind the strip (half a mile behind Linq & Flamingo) so it's not a very far off drive to get food after some late night fun. Your deal comes with steak, your choice of eggs, your choice of bread, and a side of potatoes. I've never been able to finish everything. My medium-rare steak was done perfectly this time, and the wheat toast was perfect with not too much butter. They do sometimes overcook your meat! Two of my friends' medium-rare turned out well-done but at least their eggs were really good...?

Again, service is not perfect and can be sloppy. Our orders were jumbled around and my wheat toast landed on my friend's plate instead. Easily fixed but definitely a mark off their service.

Also, they have karaoke here ... And some people just straight up SCREAM into the microphone. Yeah, sure, it can be fun for people in the karaoke room but maybe they shouldn't have set that up directly next to the cafe where food patrons are enjoying their meal?

CASINO.
Lots of machines to play on. Table games, such as Blackjack, have ridiculously low buy-ins. The dealer my friends played against for Blackjack sucked though. Long-story-short, she f*cked up the rules and knew it but was in too deep in her argument to change it. So they lost and angry-gambled back on the strip to make up for it lols.

Overall, I would only want to come here for the food.. It's ridiculously cheap!!! Even without the steak and egg deal! But otherwise, SKIP. Food cooking is not consistent, service may be nice but they're soooo slow ugh, and casino is not that great.

FYI: it's not on the strip so taxis don't really pick up here. You can however ask them to drop you off and then request an uber/lyft! If not, just drive yourself here :)"
