	0
0	"Restaurant: Sansotei Ramen
Cuisine: Japanese
Location: Downtown
Address: 179 Dundas St West
Price Range: $10~

1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent

Food: 3.5
Service: 3.5
Ambiance: 3
Overall: 3.5

Extra information:

* Open for lunch & dinner
* Closed on Sundays
* Specialize in Ramen
* Serves alcohol

Yay for another ramen joint in downtown Toronto! There are just too many opening up I can't keep up with all of them. However, I did get a chance to check out Sansotei before I went on my trip to Korea/Japan.

It was on a weekday during lunch hour and I did have to wait around 15 minute or a little more. However, the weather wasn't that cold back then and it wasn't too bad for waiting outside. Since they do focus mostly on ramen, people usually eat and leave right away. This is not a order a bowl of ramen, finish and lounge around type of place.  Obviously there is no time limit on seating (as far as I know), but honestly if you see people waiting outside in the cold waiting to get it- it's common sense to eat and leave right away, yes?


Ordered: Tonkotsu Ramen 4/5

* Bowl of ramen with all the fixings for $9.25 including chasu (pork belly), egg, bean sprout, black fungus and more. This is probably my favorite type of ramen with rich smooth soup that you can actually drink on it's own and you won't feel like you are drowning in sodium afterwards.

It has this very deep milky taste that's almost like cream soup but with a meat based soup. I liked how it came with eggs and all the other things without me having to add it on. Thing about Sansotei ramen is that it's not the regular yellow thicker (egg noodle type) ramen you are used to from Kinton or Kenzo.

It's the straight white noodle which has more of a bite. I saw how some people say they use instant noodles which is so not true. If you ever had real ramen in Japan, they actually have 2 different types of noodles for ramen which one of them is the type they serve at Sansotei.

I personally used to like the yellow ramen better, but on my trip to Japan couple months ago, I tried Tonkotsu ramen with the white straight kind and I fell in love with it! Anyways, I was happy with the noodle and soup but not so much the eggs! Eggs were cooked perfectly with the right consistency but it tasted quite bland which was a let down. Anyways, but I really did enjoy this ramen overall and would probably order this again next time I am there.

Ordered: Miso Ramen 3/5

* Same as the one above but with different soup with miso paste for $9.50. This I found the soup to be way too salty! I know it's Miso ramen so obviously the soup will have stronger taste but it was to a point where I couldnt really drinkt the soup by itself. We had to pour in some of the tea to balance it out.

Summary: Sansotei is a convenient spot for ramen for a quick lunch in the area. I do have to say that they have the best soup out of all the ramen joints I've tried so far in Toronto- and if you haven't tried this type of ramen noodle, give it a try and see the difference! Just another one off of my ramen list and my journey continues.."
