	0
0	"4 stars people? Really?!? 

I think a lot of the time people go into a place with really low expectations and then when a place is better than they expected they think it is better than it is and rate it higher than they should. That has to be the case with the restaurant at Ellis Island. 

That's not to say the place isn't good because it is. I went there this past weekend when we were looking for a cheap steak and someone recommended this place. When we arrived we noticed that there was a big food truck festival out front. You would think with everyone eating from the trucks that the restaurant would be empty, but much to my surprise there was still a 30 minute wait for a table. 

Turned out that was good cause it gave me time to get a tetanus shot which should be required upon entering the building. After checking out the food truck festival and chatting with people at the Yelp booth I sat down at a video poker machine to gamble for a little bit until the table was ready. True story, one of the girls from the Yelp table took a break and came over to where I was playing video poker and hit on me! Awesome!! (for the record she was cute as hell, but I had other plans for that night). 

Okay, back to the review. When they finally got around to seating us and after looking at the menu we decided on the fillet special. For $7.99 you get a steak, vegetable, choice of potato, soup or salad and one of their homemade beers or root beer. 

I chose the salad, which legally qualified as salad because it had lettuce. Don't expect much from it though, it is literally lettuce, salad dressing, 2 cherry tomatoes and nothing else. It was fine, but nothing special. 

When the dinner came, I was a little disappointed in the vegetable offering. The special came with green beans, but I don't like green beans so I asked if there was another vegetable offering and the waiter offered to replace the green beans with the mixed vegetable which turned out to be more green beans with some corn and carrots mixed in. I didn't try them. My friend had the green beans and initially said they were good, but then didn't eat them, so take from that what you will. 

The baked potato was perfectly fine. It's kinda hard to mess up a baked potato and they didn't. 

The steak was a very pleasant surprise. I honestly didn't expect much from a $7.99 steak in this kind of place, but it was very good. Tender, no real gristle cooked exactly as I had ordered it. I ate every bite and was very satisfied by it. 

Having major drinking plans for later that night, we just got the root beer as our drink. I have to say, the homemade root beer was damned tasty. And I highly recommend that! 

The service was okay, but we weren't offered any dessert. 

The atmosphere was like a Coco's that hasn't been updated in 30 years and was quite loud. 

So look, is the place bad? Definitely not! 

Is it worthy of 4-stars? Absolutely not! 

Was it the best $7.99 steak I have ever had? YES! 

I can't say I would go back and I can't say that I would recommend it, but I wouldn't avoid going back and wouldn't tell anyone else to avoid it either."
