	0
0	"I want to share with you an incident that occurred  on April 15 at the Scottsdale Butterfield's.  I have enjoyed this restaurant with excellent customer service especially during busy times.  That's why I continue to eat there.  However after today's incident, I have second thoughts.

Today I came with my Aunt and friend at noon.  We were seated right away.   I understand the kitchen gets backed during this period but receiving our food at 1:30  is totally unacceptable.  I have never waiting this long for the food to be served.

I ordered a turkey burger which came out half cooked.  I spoke to our server that it needed to be sent back and rather than having the kitchen properly cook the burger she sent the manager over. Chris is the manager and told me that they cook all their burgers medium. In fact, he was quite rude.  I assume your managers receive proper training in etiquette but one ""must have slipped through the cracks.""  I believe he has a problem understanding the difference between a hamburger and turkey burger.  A turkey burger needs to be cooked all the way through and he was arguing with me that that it was. It wasn't!

After waiting another half hour to get my new turkey burger, I did get one that was cooked through.  The server understood I was quite irritated over the entire incident and yet she failed to comp the burger as a way of saying they were sorry.  To my surprise, the bill came and was charge for the burger.  Again the manager came over and expressed under no circumstances would they take the charge off.  REALLY????  Never mind that we had to wait over an hour to get the food that was not properly cooked.

After expressing my displeasure with Chris that I would not be coming back, his response was  ""that was my choice.""  Is that how your managers treat customers?

There was no need for his behavior.  I'm paying for an enjoyable meal with good service. What happened to trying to please your customers? No I was not looking for a free lunch, but  the inconvenience and the arrogance of the management should not be tolerated  by anyone.

I contacted Corporate Headquarters and it will be interesting to see if I get any response."
