	0
0	"""If I could rate this place 0 stars I would""
I have been to the Long Wongs in Tempe, so my boyfriend and I thought of stopping by here, we wanted to watch the championship game and we needed a place quick. We go in wanting some drinks, well the bar was closed...fine, we went and sat at a table a couple feet from a tv, perfect! We asked what draft beers they had and she said they had Bud Light, Coors Light, and Budweiser, so my boyfriend ordered a coors and i got vodka cranberry, she brought over a bottle of coors light and I walked over to the bar and looked at their tap handles and they also had Shocktop and Sierra Nevada on tap as well. Servers clearly do not know what they even have here.
After waiting for about 30 minutes for our appetizer, we finally got it and then 10 minutes later we got our two burgers.
We had no napkins and when we were looking for our server who seemed to be non-existent all night we saw her talking with the manager behind a wall, after staring at them for a few minutes he finally noticed and sent her to come check on us for the first time the whole meal.
Over all just awful service, our server did not know about food or drinks and on top of it could barely communicate with us. 

We were there to watch a game along with two other tables of five guys each who were clearly watching the championship and cheering loudly. After about 15 minutes while trying to figure out why I could barely hear the game I realized they had TV on a news channel right behind the counter, and the server & manager were also playing music from a jukebox on the other side of the restaurant in the ""closed"" bar so loudly I couldn't make out any distinct audio and once we asked why there was music playing she replied ""oh we're listening to music.""

My boyfriend and I both have been working in the industry for years and we are completely understandable of a busy restaurant and things taking a few minutes. There were TWO other tables in there and our server was seen 2 times, our food took forever, and the burgers were not worth it at all. We finally got the check and payed and left, we wrote a small note about how the service was awful (we wanted to talk to the manager but he was too busy trying to get it in clearly) and this is where it gets so much better. We left and saw him walk outside, but we were already on the main street so we called and told him about the situation, he asked us ""Yes, was there a problem?"" We told him about everything, the service, her not being knowledgable of any of her surroundings or her menu, and he replied ""oh...okay"" 

This place is a disaster, they clearly need to make some decisions to get this place turned around or need a complete new management staff, they lost potential regulars and I will tell every single person I can how awful of an experience I had.

DO NOT GO HERE!!!"
