	0
0	"Arghh... where do I start? Well, allow me to say that I am not a big fan of Macaroni Grill, but the hubby and the kids seem to like it, so we go there once in a while.

Come to think about it, I think we have gotten better service consistently at the Agua Fria and Tatum locations, we also went once in Mesa. However, the few times I have been to the Gold Dust locations... huge disappointments. Once our daughter's wheat pasta was uncooked, and missing the pine nuts (we ordered it because she didn't know what they were). We like the Chianti BBQ Steak, and we have had it at Tatum location, delicious.

We went to this place for Christmas Eve, and we were expecting them to be busy. To our surprise, we didn't have to wait that long to be seated. We got a booth (4 of us) and ordered fetuccini and  Penne Rustica for the kids, hubby the Chianti BBQ steak and the Parmesan Veal Chop for me. We ate one piece of bread. We asked for one more. We ate it. Our server apologized for the delay. Long wait. Our server came back and apologized again. Long wait. Our server nowhere to be seen.  Over 50 minutes went by since our order, which I think it is beyond a reasonable delay. We caught the attention of our server and asked for the manager.
After a while a manager stopped by and explained they had 2 very big parties (he mention the number 17 each, I think) in a back room. Honestly, in my mind this translated to 'we do have customers more important than you'... we said this was beyond reasonable and were considering leaving, he said being Christmas Eve, everywhere would be busy and we would be better off waiting here, he offered a discount... and left. I tried to get his attention to ask how much longer but he didn't hear me or else... About 8-10 min later he brought our food. As he was leaving I said,  pointing to the Chianti steak: this should have prosciutto and crostini, 'and garlic dip', added my husband. He said, the prosciutto is in there... and left. 
Well, in my mind I translated that as ""I am in a hurry, so I am going to treat you like an idiot'. That is the utmost disrespect, and hence the one star. There is no discount that makes up for that. There was no prosciutto in there. At all. 
We caught the attention of our server and mentioned the missing ingredients, and he brought a side of prosciutto, some garlic dip, and a piece of bread... nothing like the crostini we have had at the Tatum location. 

Also, the veal chop is usually huge, and this time it was like half of what I usually get somewhere else. Also, sadly this still may be an improvement, because last time we ordered the Chianti steak here, they didn't even believe us it was supposed to come with garlic dip... honestly... geeezz, can't they read their own menus? oh well, no more Gold Dust in my macaroni... ever."
