	0
0	"Butterfield's has great food.  It's nearly all bad for you, but it tastes great and if you don't care about your health and want  to load up on carbs and sugar, it's really tasty breakfast griddle food.  That is all they have to offer.  The wait times are absolutely insane.  Expect to wait a minimum of 45 minutes on the weekends, up to an hour and a half.  The interior has some of the strangest/oddest art I've ever seen, there are flying pancakes with wings along with giant waffles and other weird things on the ceiling.. and the acoustics... oh my gosh the acoustics.  Busy restaurants usually have the sense (and the money) to install some type of sound deadening material.. be it booth dividers, ceiling tiles, carpeting, walls etc.. Not Butterfields!  They make it one giant open rectangle with wooden floors.. you can forget trying to communicate with anyone in your party, especially if they're more than 2 feet away from you.. you can't hear anything.. it's a huge headache.  I've dealt with all of this for many years, and I've supported their other location (Butters) on Hayden and Via de Ventura.  I've brought countless family members here, had business meetings, and even just picked up to go orders like I did today..  

When I went in today to pick up pancakes, I said this to the girl at the front:  ""I love your fresh squeezed orange juice, and I'd like to get 2 larges, but I can't tell you how many times in the past I've paid 8.00 for a single large OJ and I get home and it's horribly bitter with no sweetness, and I have to dump it out.. may I please have a single taste in a shot glass or a tiny container of some kind, even a tablespoon, just to see what it tastes like today?""  By the look on her face, you would have thought I just asked her to solve a Chinese algebraic equation...  she had to ask some type of head hostess girl/manager in charge up front... I repeated myself, told the girl I had been coming here for years, and I just didn't want to have one more time where I wasted 16.00 on two large OJs that tasted like some type of orange oil cleaning fluid.. (OJ changes in taste from season to season, and this restaurant uses a machine that compacts the entire orange, so in addition to the orange juice, it crushes the orange peel/rind and you get all of the orange oil in from peel as well.. sometimes its just to much, as orange oil is literally used as a cleaning agent/grease remover in many natural cleaners).  In the middle of a busy Sunday, this girl literally tells me she has to ""radio a manager"".  I waited again.  She listens to the radio and says, ""My manager said we can't do that.""  I didn't make a scene, nor was I rude, but I was truly baffled.. I said to her, ""Oh o.k., that's really odd, because they've done it before, and they do it anywhere I go that sells fresh squeezed orange juice.""  I added, ""Who is the manager, is it still the brothers that have managed this place for years?""  She said it was and mentioned their names.  If the 3 people in charge of managing this store can't give a known long time customer a tablespoon of orange juice to make a 16.00 sale, they don't need my business, and they've most certainly earned this negative review.  I've thrown away who knows how many bad orange juices and never asked you for a refund or anything else.  Obviously with the volume you do, you don't need to put forth any effort to make people happy anymore.  Lucky you."
