	0
0	"NEVER GOING BACK... 
What do you mean no more Dutch Baby Pancake??  
We drove over 50 miles to go to one of our favorite breakfast places & as a treat we always order the Dutch Baby Pancake. 
After waiting 30 minutes for a table we brushed off by the waitress after asking to order this BUTTERFIELD'S SPECIAL... 
""Oh we don't serve THAT anymore...""  
We were so shocked that we thought she was kidding!!  
After going back & forth, we kept asking why & she just left & sent over the asst manager. 
He simply stated they were constantly getting burned & made a management decision to discontinue the BUTTERFIELD'S TRADITION!!!  
For Christ sake they have a half page write up in the Arizona Republic boasting about their specialized Dutch Baby Pancakes!!!  
When we stated we'd NEVER had a burnt one nor had we ever remembered having to wait any extraordinary time for the cooks to make another one... always within 15 minutes of ordering we would get it, without fanfare!!  
This Asst. Mgr was so indifferent to our complaint that one of my kids said, ""I guess we'll have to go to the Original Pancake House to get this pancake"".  
Then the Asst. Mgr piped up & shot down this comment by saying, ""Oh, but their food is terrible & I've heard, VERY UNCLEAN!!""  
I was stunned!!  
Neither my wife or I could think of anything to say to that & the asst mgr then turned & left. 
I cannot believe a professional restaurant manager would stoop to such tactics... we've been to the Original Pancake House & LOVE their food, especially their swedish pancakes. 
The Dutch Baby is a bit better at Butterfield's but to have the audacity to speak of another competitor restaurant as being UNCLEAN, is unforgiveable... we never found this restaurant in any less than stellar cleanliness!! 
I'm sure the Original Pancake House would not be very happy to hear of this assistant manager slandering their restaurant!!  
Upon leaving we asked the hostess just when was the dutch baby pancake discontinued? 
She immediately went & got the General Manager.  
He was of little additional help, other than clarifying & contradicting his OWN Asst. Manager!! 
He said the pancake was taken off the menu just 6 days prior to us coming. When we said that we heard this was because the Dutch Baby's were getting burned & waste... we said, ""Maybe you need to get a good cook!""  
He looked at us puzzled & said, ""They weren't burned... it just takes too long to make!!""  
WHAT??... NEEDLESS TO SAY... I WON""T BE BACK!!!"
