	0
0	"Had an absolutely terrible experience at this Macaroni Grill. 

I came here to celebrate my birthday with my family and boyfriend (keep in mind there were only four of us). Let it be known that Macaroni Grill was definitely far from my first of choices when it comes to a birthday meal/celebration, but the reason we decided to come here is because this is one of the only places that will liquify my grandmother's meals (due to physical/dietary restrictions she has, she MUST have her foods liquified). 

Anyhow, we were seated immediately and greeted by our server. There weren't a ton of tables in the restaurant, but then again there weren't a lot of servers there either. So it looked like he had his hands full. Drinks came out promptly. We ordered three appetizers: fried macaroni and cheese, a fondue dip, and fried zucchini chips. After about 45 minutes of waiting, they came out at different times. First the mac and cheese bites. There were five small 1"" or so cubes of macaroni that were served with an alfredo-like sauce. Granted, they tasted okay, but for around $9 for this specific appetizer, the quantity to price ratio was definitely an issue for me. They were polished off by our table before our next appetizer even arrived. Ten minutes later, the fondue arrived. I personally didn't like it, but everyone else said it was okay. Essentially it was just melted parmesan and mozzarella. Another app that wasn't worth the high price tag. The best of the appetizers, the fried zucchini, came out about another 10 minutes later. There weren't a lot of pieces to the entree and they lacked a certain ""wow"" factor, so as I'm sure you can all guess, we weren't too impressed with the first course. 

For our entrees, my grandmother ordered the liquefied chicken alfredo (keep in mind she gave specific liquefication instructions that have been followed at this restaurant before), I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, my mother ordered the lasagna, and my boyfriend ordered cheese ravioli with alfredo sauce. They came out all at different times. Like with three minute intervals in between the arrival of each entree. Given that there were four of us, that was a considerably disappointing amount of time for food to come out after the appetizers (enough tim to go through four loaves of bread with olive oil). And, let's not forget to mention that every single one of our meals was cold. Not warm. But cold. My boyfriend's cheese ravioli were still frozen on the outside. My mother's lasagna was lukewarm at best, and my spaghetti and meatballs were cold as well. My grandmother's dish was the worst disappointment of them all as it was prepared incorrectly and was served at what seemed like a refrigerated temperature. 

We notified our server of the problem and he did his best to take the meals back and have the kitchen re-prepare them. When they came back there was legitimately no improvement with any of them. We flagged down a manager and spoke with him about what had happened, and he said that he would take care of us, like any manager would. We then saw him go to our server and verbally accuse him of the entire situation being his fault. Uhm. No, homie. If anything, you should be speaking with your back of house staff. And behind closed doors, because it is unacceptable to belittle an employee in front of guests. 
 
Instead of having our food sent back to the kitchen a third time, we left two entrees and boxed the other two to take home without even eating them. The check then arrived, and the manager took off $8 from the check. The discount that was entered was a ""referral comp"" which didn't even account for the cost of one of the appetizers. This was the biggest disappointment, as it was obvious that he didn't want the GM to see how badly the dinner service was by comping the items that were truly messed up. 

Most definitely not impressed with this trip and I have to say I will not be back. The quality of the food and the service at this place has gone downhill really quickly."
