	0
0	"My family and I went to Butterfield's Scottsdale Restaurant Saturday Oct 1st at 1PM. Our party included my 90 year old Mother on a walker, as well my sister, her husband and their 17 year old son. My nephew ordered a Panini which was very small, my sister ordered some crepes which she felt were not very good, my brother in law and I ordered a Denver Omelette which I was going to split with my Mother. When everything came my omelette was not fluffy and generous like my brother in laws.  Mine was small, dry and with hardly any vegetables.
When our server came back she said it would do no good for her to complain to the cook or the management, because they wouldn't listen to her and it needed to come from me. She then said she had many similar complaints from customers throughout that week about their omelettes.
So when I received the bill I went to see the manager and he met me with an attitude like ""why are you bothering me"". I explained to him what we had ordered and told him there was a significant quality control problem with his omelettes and that I thought he would like to know.  I thought as a courtesy, I would let him know that he had a food quality problem that his server confirmed. He immediately said that our server never would have said that, and there is nothing wrong with our omelettes or anything else coming out of our kitchen. He as much as called me a liar, so I asked him for his card or at least his name, and he refused and told me if I didn't leave the restaurant he would escort me out and call the police, all because I asked him for his name or card.  I said I'm more than happy to leave the restaurant, but I have to pay the bill, however because you have verbally threatened me twice I am going to make this incident very public.  He at the point informed me that he was also an owner... all the more reason why he should want to hear customer's comments (I was told by another waitress that his name was Chris).
He followed me back to the table and proceeded to threaten my 90 year old mother, my 17 year old Nephew and his parents who didn't even know about our discussion, that if they didn't leave the restaurant he was calling the police! This man's actions were despicable and unprofessional and left my family stunned and appalled.  
My question is, why would anyone consider going to this restaurant when a manager/owner is disrespectful to his customers and frightens his employees."
