	0
0	"- The Skinny:

Food Quality: 5 Stars
-  Great pizza! Get the Meatball, Pepperoni, or their most popular slice, ""The White"".  

Meatball - Large slices of Meatball and globs of ricotta cheese.

Pepperoni - Large slices of real pepperoni, makes pizza chains seem like they are using intimidation pepperoni?   

""The White"" - its all cheese, fresh ricotta, and garlic sauce. There is no pizza sauce on that one but trust me, its good! My wife loves Chicago Deep Dish Pizza and dislikes NY style, but this was the best pizza she ever had. 

Pricing: 5 Stars
- $5 a slice, if you're hungry, get 2 slices as they are large, but thin (NY style). It costs more than other pizza joints but factor in that it's located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. 

Service: 3 Stars
- Nothing incredible but it is just a pizza counter and they are just mashing out pizzas. The workers were friendly and helped me choose some good slices. There is a little bit of a wait but its worth it!

Atmosphere: 5 Stars
- Has a real NY pizza place feel. A couple pinball machines and some TV's playing sports. Hallway is decorated with vintage vinyl records and adds some class but once its opens up to the pizza counter, its straight NY style! 

Place is really a secret, I had to ask 3 different hotel employees to find it. Its a hallway that is missed in a blink. Its to the left of glass elevator and across from the ""game lounge"" (pool table, scrabble coffee tables, wooden dice seats). 

Comfort: 3 Stars
- It's a narrow hallway any little counter space to eat, but you will be there just to buy and run so no worries there. 

Location: 3 Stars trying to find it but as far as theme goes (being a secret, 5 Stars)
- Place is really a secret, I had to ask 3 different hotel employees to find it. Its a hallway that is missed in a blink. Its to the left of glass elevator and across from the ""game lounge"" (pool table, scrabble coffee tables, wooden dice seats). With a name like ""Secret Pizza"", mission accomplished! 

- The Fat: 

My in-laws were in town and of course we needed to take them out to the Vegas Strip. There was 25 of us so no need for a sit down dinner, especially with many small children. I found ""Secret Pizza"" on Yelp and opt'ed to go there as we made our way to the Bellagio fountain show. 

It was tricky to find, had to use my GPS and ask 3 hotel employees to get there but it really is a hidden treat. You will have to wait a little bit, I was there on a Sat night around 11pm and we waited about 20-30 mins?

The pizza is delicious! hot, fresh, and kills any other pizza I had, only rivaled by Grimaldi's Pizza in NY under the Brooklyn bridge. I would go out of my way to go here again. If you are on the strip and want fast, inexpensive, but quality food, go to Secret Pizza!!!"
