	0
0	"This is a comprehensive update of my previous review since September of 2016.  I've been here many, many times since, and here is the picture I paint...this is a review of the bar and separately, the dining area at Ellis Island.  It is not a review of the separate BBQ area, nor the hotel (re the hotel, I have a separate review).  Although I gave it 3 stars, as you will see below, I really give the bar 4 stars, and the dining area 1-1/2 stars.

Ellis Island is just one of the several Village Pubs that are ""all over Vegas"" (off the strip). The brewery is at this location.  Let's make clear which should be obvious, as a casino, this is a sub-par establishment, as will be clear, the only thing it has going for it, is the bar, the prices, and most of the food (as long as consumed in the bar area).

With regard to the bar:

It's open 24 hours but the best time to visit if you want a semblance of peace and quiet, is from 11a to 4:30p.  The beer brewed on site is good, 5 alcoholic and 1 non-alcoholic (root beer).  The IPA, Amber, Stout, are good, and the regular price of $2.25 for a 20oz is a true rare bargain, bringing back memories of the past--you don't need a coupon, you don't need to show a player's card, it's the regular price.  A flight is available for $6.  The bartenders are truly terrific, normal and unpretentious.  If you go to any of the other Village Pubs, the same beer is in the range of $4.50, still a bargain.  You can order food in the bar, but if servers are not available, you need to order at the bar.  The steak and eggs, steak ""deal"", and prime rib, are great., perhaps except for the former.  I will say that the steak and eggs, although they are the same price at all of the Village Pubs, are consistently better at the other Village Pubs around Vegas, not at the Ellis location.  Management of late has consistently been increasing the price of food, without any announcement (happened again in the past few days), so we'll see how long this long time bargain lasts...so far they have not touched the beer prices.  btw, on game days, beers are $1 each...

With regard to the dining area:

You'll likely have to wait for a table.  The servers and hostesses have no personality and are gruff.  While the bar setting has personality, the dining area is dark and dreary--reminds me of Binyon's.  I strongly suggest you eat in the bar area if that is available.  The food tastes better in the bar than in the dining area.  Bottom line, I'd avoid eating in the dining area.  Eat in the bar, or try one of the other Village Pubs around Vegas (be warned, however, the Village Pub at Terminal 3 at the airport has airport prices, it bears no resemblance to the rest of the Village Pubs around town).  My favorite Village Pub is probably the one on South Rainbow, but they are all similar except for that 1 airport location.

Bottom line... having patronized most of the Village Pubs off-strip around Vegas (excluding Ellis Island and the Terminal 3 airport location), I highly recommend them--the servers, bartenders, prices and food are good.  The big thing that Ellis Island, the Village Pub at that location has going for it, is the price of the beers, the bar area, and the bartenders in the bar area. Eating food in the bar area is a thumbs up.  Eating food in the dining area at Ellis Island is not a particularly pleasant dining experience, as the employees there, as in the rest of Ellis Island, including the hotel, are pretty darn unpleasant and don't know what a smile looks like. 

My rating for the bar area, because of the prices, the bartenders, and the atmosphere, 4 STARS; my rating for the dining area, 1-1/2 STARS.  Here's hoping the management of this establishment doesn't lose the bartenders...they and that bar is the only thing that Ellis Island has going for it."
