	0
0	"First time here just now having brunch with my 6 yo boy. The food was decent. Only thing is I may be wrong but the potatoes tasted...""piggy"". I don't eat pork. So that was no bueno. I don't know if they cook everything together??? Not sure. Didn't like it. The eggs Benedict was decent. My son enjoyed his Swiss something burger. It was big. My only problem here is there was a blonde waitress working. She barely paid any attention to us that I had to go up to the counter 3 times during my 30-45  minutes dining there. The only things she said to us was ""I'll be right with you guys "" and she never came back. Finally a brown haired older woman who acted like the owner came by and asked if we had been helped. No. So she then proceeded to take our orders. She was excellent but by the end of our meal I was so irritated I couldn't help but tell her the truth. The other waitress took the couples check to them ( right beside us) all the while never looking our way. I also got up to ask for more napkins. The blonde girl overheard me ask and said she would bring them and so she did. Then the brown haired woman came and also brought more napkins. Thank you. I also approached the counter my way in because it was my first time. I wasn't greeted until I came to counter which the nice brown haired woman helped me. I felt maybe they could've directed me more promptly as to what to do because I thought it was like a tropical smoothie cafe. Finally, the third time I had to get up was because when we were done with our meals we needed a to-go box. My son couldn't finish his meal. And we needed our check. While everyone else is being handed their checks I was the only one who had to go up to the counter yet again ( third time) to ask for some customer service. My check came out to about $24. Decent price. I tipped $5 which I only gave because the owner was so kind and I could tell she was doing her best. Perhaps her fellow teammates should follow. I most likely will not return."
