	0
0	"At last, Kay and I made a lunch date with our saint of a Community Manager Rachel and a non-Yelping friend of hers. Rachel suggested Caffe Mona for a brunchy kinda get-together, and due to the establishment's hours, it made for a perfect Sunday afternoon fit. 

As I write this, my dilemma is whether or not to give Caffe Mona a 3 or a 4.

First off, the service, while friendly, was somewhat flighty. Our server brought us a dish that none of us had ordered, and at the end of our meal, mixed up our split checks. 

Secondly, the food seemed to be just a scintilla astray. 

Acting as a starter was a tastefully simple plate of freshly cut fruit. Granny Smith Apples, pears, and watermelon triangles did wonders for my produce cravings of late. The watermelon in particular was gushingly ice-cold and made for ideal, wholesome snack. 

My minor issues with the food began with my breakfast entree. The Potato Scramble, a dineresque ""garbage-style"" jumble of cubed tubers, Applewood bacon strips, Roma tomatoes, and Swiss cheese filled my stomach but failed to excite me much. An online search indicates a bit of controversy over whether or not to season scrambled eggs, but in this case, I felt a pinch of salt and a crank of the pepper mill would have lifted this dish from mildly palatable to positively epicurean. The textural admix of light/fluffy/crispy/chunky/creamy/gooey was bold while the flavors were a little shy. 

Desiring a dessert of some kind, I also had an Oreo Crepe, which was supposed to contain within an ""Oreo-infused"" blanket both Oreo fragments and marshmallow. The crepe itself somewhat resembled a gourmet Pop-Tart in appearance, toasty taste, and mouthfeel and didn't seem to have any Oreo origins to speak of. The filling did have an Oreo gravel inside it but seemingly lacked the marshmallow, making the crepe far more timid than the decadent mess of a treat I expected. I did enjoy it but not as much as I thought I would. 

So, perhaps a 3 is appropriate after all. Mona's got the looks with her modern, brick-and-wood-laden decor and welcome-to-my-new-loft ambience but could use some fine-tuning in terms of service and culinary technique. 

P.S. All of us had a pleasant, chatty time together despite the uneven dining experience."
