	0
0	"Oh my, I truly hate to do this, but my visit to Da Vang was horrid! After reading all the lovely reviews I was so excited to take my husband and child to a place near our new digs, to prove that we hadn't moved far away from good food experiences. We knew that the outside was a strip mall locale, we don't care. We knew the inside was going to look like it did, we don't care. We go to places because of food, service and price. 

When we went they were working on the one entrance so we entered on the far side. There were two people eating and a few children running about playing. My first thought was great, this is a friendly, family place and light crowd would mean attentive service. We didn't know if we should seat ourselves, so we walked to the silverware table where we saw menu's and stood for a moment.  Three times servers walked right past us and ignored our presence. Other workers were in the kitchen area, but no one noticed us. 

I whispered, ""Maybe we should get menus and just sit down?"" So we took three menu's and as I turned around one of the servers came up and made motion for us to sit right there at this huge circle table.  A very large table, but we slid into the corner and he took drink orders from us then dissappeared.

We sat. We sat some more. He walked by twice carrying water. Another server walked by twice, once with food, once with dishes. They greeted two more tables and brought them menus and took their orders. A server came and poured three water glasses for our table and I interrupted him asking about our drink order. He said something I didn't understand and turned away.  We sat. 

Finally I said, ""Excuse me, please..."" I got the attention of a different server and we asked about our drink order which he took again and we didn't want to wait any longer and gave our food order as well. Just in case they'd never come back. I told the server we were new to this cuisine and would need some help. My husband just wanted to leave. I coerced him to stay, it's going to be fabulous Pho I said remembering the wonderful Yelp reviews. The food would soothe him. I smiled smugly. We ordered several dishes all recommended in Yelp reviews. Spring rolls, two Pho's and the Ban Xeo for my egg and shrimp loving child.

15 minutes later two drinks and some plates of leaves and garnishes were placed on the table. No drink for me and no way to get the garnish plate persons attention. We sat. ""Are we supposed to eat these,"" asked my husband?  I said , ""I believe they go in the soup when it comes."" But after another 15 minutes of nothing else arriving, he started to make a mini salad. Several more tables had come in, everyone else had their food. The two tables who came after us were finishing up.

""This is Bullshit, "" I muttered to my husband, and just then the crepe and the Pho's came out. I was starting to see a trend here. Just when you get to the point where you want to leave they finally do something to make you stay. We were starving and we didn't want to drive around for another place, just eat and go at this point. It was getting late. I hadn't eaten my garnishes so I shared them with my husband. My daughter's crepe was extra crispy bordering on too dark and she didn't know how to eat it, so she sort of plucked the little shrimps she found out of it.  ""It's not egg mom"", she said all grumbly. ""It's Vietmanese egg I said, "" as if I knew.  
""Well then I don't like Vietmanese food."" Sigh. Maybe she would like and try the spring roll? Or some of my soup? The sping roll, one nibble. She didn't appreciate it, which was ok with me becuase I loved them.My husbands Pho was full of fatty gristle meat and he w/couldn't eat any of it.  My Pho was wonderful! My garnishes made it very tasty. 

So I fed my daughter some Pho, but she wasn't too fond of that either.

The only real consolation was the price. It cost about $25 for everything we got and everything we didn't.

Maybe I can get someone from Yelp who loves Da Vang to come with us next time and show us how the experience is SUPPOSED to be, becuase I can't imagine this is what people are raving over. Sorry. They get two stars for having a low price and food *I* liked, but I can't give them any more than that."
