	0
0	"AVERAGE AT BEST. I read all of the positive reviews and was looking forward to having a good burger. I even brought some friends to check it out. The first impression was not good, as it is located next to a busy liquor store with shady people hanging around outside. No big deal, I thought, it's probably a delicious hole-in-the-wall... NOT!

The first problem was when I ordered. I ordered two sandwiches and two sides, I asked the cashier if he wanted to know which burger went with which side and he said no, the sides come separately. Guess what? NOPE. Each burger had its own side and they put the wrong sides with the wrong burgers. When we told the server who brought out the food, he said ""oh that's not a big deal"". Well, it kind of was to us because we had multiple orders all of which were screwed up. So we were all reaching across to other people's orders to eat our side dishes. The server should have apologized and offered to make it right, but instead he brushed it off and made it our problem.

Next was the quality of the burgers. Several in my group joked that we should have just gone to the Burger King on the corner. I would have to agree. Our burgers were TINY. Two in my party ordered the chicken fried steak burger. The gravy was completely flavorless and thin like water. Both who ordered said their burgers were ""gross and flavorless"". My bacon cheeseburger was below average. The buns they use flatten quickly and get soggy, leaving you with a mess that you can barely eat with your hands. Nobody wants to hold a thin, soggy bun.

My friend ordered some tacos, I couldn't believe what they brought out. A smattering of meat covered with some chopped tomatoes and shredded cheese out of a bag. No salsa, or sauce, or anything. They were completely dry! I told my friend not to order tacos at a burger place, but you would hope that if they put it on the menu they would at least know how to make a decent taco. IN ARIZONA!

I tried hard to like this place, but with so many better options out there I cannot recommend this place. I suppose if you're desperate or dying of hunger, it might work. But if you're looking for a good burger experience, run away from this place and don't look back. Even Carl's Jr makes a much better burger.

Beware of the positive reviews here. I think too many folks are vulnerable to ""group think"" or try far too hard to like a place that they think they should like - because it was featured on Food Network or something - and then forgive that which is truly unforgivable. Save yourself time, money, and frustration and go to The Habit."
