	0
0	"This place definitely has potential, but there aren't enough pros at the moment (and way too many cons) to get me to return.

Pros:
Brulee Buns... OMG... these are amazingly good!!! Definitely worth the extra $1 to get it! Burnt sugar on the insides of the bun... genius!!!

Beef... I honestly couldn't tell if the charcoal flavor was from the beef or the Brulee Bun, but either way, the ""burger"" tasted good.

Service... the guys that work here seem passionate about the restaurant and were all very patient (I'd never been here before) and friendly.

Cons:
Price vs. Quantity and Quality... First of all, the burgers are not very big for the price. Also, the portion of fries was quite expensive for such a small serving (but that was ok because I didn't want to finish them). I talk about quality below.

Fries... I ordered seasoned fries and was expecting seasoned breading. What I got were extremely mediocre plain fries sprinkled with a little BBQ seasoning. I didn't like them (it was hard to finish my small serving), and the mayo or ketchup I had at the table didn't help. Which brings me to...

Ketchup... seriously, whatever generic brand of ketchup this is, it's really gross. Thin, watery, with a very off flavor. Even store brand would be 100% better. It reminded me of eating fries in Elementary School.

Lettuce (iceberg) and tomato... the produce quality wasn't great. It wasn't the worst I've ever had, but it was definitely lacking. Again, I expected better for the price of this small burger.

Neutral:
French Toast Fries... these were ok. The portion size was actually on point with the price, but there was just something a little off about them. Old oil? I'm really not sure. Maybe we were just a little put off by the ""cons"" that it was just our imagination.

All in all, I really wanted to like this place, but didn't. I'm not sure if things were exactly like this when Guy Fieri visited, but if they were, then I'm not sure why he is considered a food expert. To the owners of this restaurant... you can do better and I think you know it. While we were there, you guys seemed pretty busy. Maybe you have some regulars that come in all the time and you're comfortable with the way things are, but you can't ride the hype from DDD forever if there's mediocrity going on. I might check Yelp in 6 months to a year, see if you've changed. If not, there are plenty of other truly gourmet burger shops around."
