	0
0	"I have been delinquent in submitting this review. Visited July 29. 2015. Keep forgetting to report my experience. Two stars...because I could not select 2 1/2 stars. Not a 3-star experience. Here's why:

PROS: Clean facility, presents a visually positive image. Excellent service, by a relatively new server (according to her), Emmy. She provided truly ""Emmy Award Winning Service!"" My suggestion to her: Keep doing exactly what you are doing. Friendly, and most importantly, good communication (about the CON, which follows below). Also great: Manager Jenny. Found out she was leaving. What a loss for Hooters. Should have given her a raise or done whatever it would have taken to keep her around. She is professional, honest, friendly...and seemed to have a good relationship with the staff.

CON: To my knowledge, Hooters was founded mostly on the premise of cooking great tasting wings with beer, which are served by scantily clad, sexy women. However, on all-you-can eat Wednesdays, there is a major problem...at least at this particular facility. The traffic was light to moderate...nothing past 1/2 - 2/3 capacity...at the absolute MOST...and only for a brief time frame of less than an hour....at the busiest part of the evening. Arrived around 7-ish, if memory serves, and stayed til about 10ish. From what our party of three learned, apparently their deep-fry equipment cannot handle heavy demand. ""Heavy demand"" apparently means a restaurant about 1/2 full at most, with most guests ordering the wing special. Re-orders were delayed well past reasonable (20 - 30 minutes at the very least). A server other than Emmy brought us a partial wing order at one point (literally 3 - 4 wings each) because we had been waiting so long...and we waited even longer for the rest of our first reorder to be cooked. When they arrived, they were barely cooked...not crisp at all. We were told that they have limited deep-fry cooking pots, and the excess demand for wings on a night like that causes more cold/frozen wings to be put in the oil, which in turn cools the oil and lengthens the cook time. The problem just spirals out of control, the busier it gets.

Bottom line: You are a restaurant and sports bar. Your main job is to provide a basic food menu. If you do not have the equipment to handle a 1/2 capacity customer load, then stop advertising ""all you can eat.""  I hate to imagine the fiasco that would result if it had been busier. I saw AT LEAST 3 parties leaving...and was told they left because of the over-taxed wing cooking process. They simply did not want to continue waiting, and I don't blame them at all. I love Hooters. I don't go there weekly, but I have been a customer who has for more then 20 years enjoyed my visits and the wings. But given my experience this time at this location, I would have to re-evaluate whether I would really visit again..on all you can eat night. My advice: At the very least, do yourself a favor and pick a different day of the week. That way, your wings will be cooked thoroughly and you will not have to wait 30 minutes for your order to arrive.

Note that Mark G posted a similar complaint about undercooked wings on Sept 27, 2015."
