	0
0	"Food is GREAT.  I've had dinner here a number of times prior to league, never the same thing twice.  Price is decent and the food has ALWAYS been good.

The league issues are another story.  This center has a state of the art lane machine and is able to put down any pattern possible.  I have absolutely NO complaints on the lane conditions, I just suck.  Some weeks more than others, but that is another story.

There is NEVER an announcement prior to league that we are starting practice.  I dont think I have EVER been in a league where there is not some kind of announcement prior to league.  If nothing else, most centers will try to 'upsell' happy hour pitchers of beer (or whatever they want to put on special) before the start of league.

In additon league doesnt start on time.  It is USUALLY 5+ minutes late.  One week we were 15 minutes later than scheduled.  I am not sure if the desk people are unable to tell time or too busy talking to each other.  There are ALWAYS 3+ ppl at the front desk.  I dont understand how it can be THAT tough.  

As another poster said, the approaches are tacky.  Again, not the worst thing that can happen.  And generally speaking I don't have too many complaints about approaches.  Some weeks they are 'worse' than others.  Not exactly sure what is going on.  After all the approaches (like the lanes) are synthetic.  

But the lane machines are another story.  There have been continous problems with pin setters dropping pins, not placing pins, etc.  The machines, at times, act like they are 20+ years old.  Which is kind of weird since they are NEW!  

Flipside is probably one of the most 'over-staffed' places I have ever seen in my life.  There are at LEAST 25 'blue shirt' clones running around trying to take food/drink orders from people.  I think it would be a better place if they got rid of a half dozen 'blue shirts' and got a REAL mechanic for the machines.

If you are a SERIOUS league bowler, this may not be the place for you.  At least not right now.  Flipside needs to get a lot of 'kinks' out of their system, assuming there is one.  I dont think management has ever run a bowling center or they would know these 'rudimentary' things."
