	0
0	"Average of 4.5 stars?  Eh.....I unfortunately disagree.  This is like barely 2 stars.

In honor of National Cheeseburger Day, I decided to go and get one.  I had this place bookmarked and it was close enough to work that I decided to have my cheeseburger here.  I should have gone somewhere else :-(.  It wasn't horrible,  but it was far from great.

I rolled in the joint and placed my order for a Paradise Valley Cheeseburger with an extra patty, sweet potato tots and a Diet Coke.   After I placed my order, the cashier dude started talking baseball with me (I wear my St. Louis Cardinal hat all the time) and started asking how the Cardinals were doing etc.  That was cool and the best part about the visit.   I paid the man my money, $11.60 something and then took a seat.

I noticed that the place was a little bit dirty.  The trash was overflowing, flies were on the windows and a lot of tables were dirty.  I hoped for the best............. A few minutes later, my food came out.  Here is how it was....................

Double Cheeseburger-  Um....it was just alright.  It was presented nicely with a toasted bun and some fancy toppings, but it lacked ""goodness"".  This thing came with 2 small burgers, cheddar cheese, thousand island and then it was topped with veggies.  Not sure if they are trying to be fancy, but the veggies didn't really work.  They had a tomato, pickled onions which were tasteless and 3 cucumbers....not pickles...didnt taste any vinegar.  I tasted cucumber.  The burgers didn't have much flavor, the cheese was ok, the thousand island was runny.  The bun was alright.  I was not impressed.  I ate the whole thing but did not really enjoy it at all.

Sweet Potato Tots-  Meh...frozen, not really crispy, no flavor, semi small portion.  I used the ketchup on the table and it was runny too (just like the thousand island).  I only ate a few of them and tossed 75%.  Meh.

Diet Coke-  Even this tasted a little off.  Not enough carbonation or something.


Overall I was sadly not impressed at all!  $12.00 for my meal, the burger was kind of small and tasteless and the tots were just plain boring.  The only good thing about the meal was my chat about baseball.  That is kind of sad.  I will not be coming back."
