	0
0	"Da Vang (pronounced yah yang) is a hole in the wall in a sketchy ass strip mall next to the latin strip club and the Vietnamese Boba Tea shop. Weeknights and Weekends alike, this place is packed to the gills with Asian families, Mexicans from the neighborhood, and the few rogue gays and hipsters who wander in to try something ironic or obscure. Then you have the old Mexican ladies who walk by every table and put a car air freshener on it with a note explaining that you can buy it from her for $1. There are countless flies, the place hasn't been cleaned since Jesus was alive, and the parking lot almost requires four wheel drive. There isn't a more third-world dining experience in Phoenix.

My initial inpression was that this would be a fantastic trip to a Vietnamese wonderland. Seeing the types of people eating here, the extensiveness of the menu, and the overall ruggedness of it probably meant it was legit. I'm not Vietnamese, Asian, or any shade of yellow, but I like to think I still know my food well enough to say that it was an absolute let down. I ordered one of the most basic dishes, Pho Tai which is a beef broth with rice noodles and sliced beef. It's typically served with jalapeno rings, bean sprouts, basil, and lemon wedges on the side, yet mine was minus the jalapenos and lemon. Each table of Asian people who ordered the same thing both before and after me, received the said items with their meal. After my plate of half the veggies I need arrived, they brought by our spring rolls. Again, total disappointment. The sauce which accompanied them tasted like pure Hoisin, and I much prefer the typical peanut sauce or even a fish sauce. My girlfriend's bowl of Bun looked like the noodles were garbage, and was extremely short on veggies and meat. 

Our server was nice enough, and rather typical of a restaurant of this type. They don't speak much, their way of asking if you'd like to order is saying ""are you done?"" After a while though, I realized he was a Spanish speaker, and then I realized he was of hispanic heritage, nice. I come to this Vietnamese place and there are Mexicans working both front and back of the restaurant. Made me want some enchiladas. Overall, this restaurant was a complete let down and if it hadn't been for the very low price (under $20 for two people) I'd have been very upset. I'll keep sticking with Little Saigon, Pho Thanh, Koai Hoan, and Dong A."
