	0
0	"Aioli has been making rounds on food truck circuit for quite some time now. However, it wasn't until I found out that they opened an actual location did we actual go out of our way to finally give them a try.

The concept is pretty straight-forward. They serve burgers, fries, and few appetizers, as well as a few desserts/shakes. I guess what sets them apart, or what is supposed to set them apart, is their variety of aioli-based sauces that they use. I get it. I've always liked aioli, but in comparison to a lot of other burger places, I wasn't quite as blown away as I had hoped.

My girlfriend and I ordered their 3 cheese mac and cheese bites, which are pretty self-explanatory and actually pretty good for what they are. 

For burgers, I opted for the California, while my girlfriend ordered the basic Aioli burger. When ordering, they ask if you want your burger cooked as ""pink or no pink."" Now, I'm all for steaks to be cooked in the medium range, but when it comes to actual ground beef, I've just never been comfortable with anything below medium-well. Therefore, we both played it safe and went with ""no pink.""

Now, I'm not sure if this is where we went wrong, but I'll reiterate what another reviewer said when they referred to their patties as ""petrified."" All the juice and flavor were apparently cooked right out of them, leaving us with two very dry beef patties that, despite having acceptable ingredients, were really just no different than any other mid-tier fast food burger.

This seems very odd, as many places are able to cook their burgers well-done and still manage to contain flavor and juice, so I'm not entirely sure what went wrong here.

Afterwards, I was looking at their price points and see that they're actually charging similar prices to what you'd find at a more upscale burger joint. So, clearly they see themselves on par with your ""gourmet"" joints around the Valley. Although after trying them, I don't consider them to be anywhere close to that level.

There were positives, however. The fries were fine. The lady who took our order was very friendly and we were checked on quite regularly.

In the end, I'm not sure if I'd come back, but I guess they're worth trying out. Judging by their reviews, a lot of people seem to love them - but sadly, I'm just not one of them.

Bottom line: avoid their ""no pink"" patties at all costs!"
